Window Tools Professional Edition
by Eric Kirse
http://www.kipx.net

Program Use Agreement
By using this program, your are agreeing to the following.  If you do
not, delete this program (Window Tools) from your computer immediately.

This program is created for spying on Windows operating system windows!
DO NOT USE IT FOR ILLEGAL PURPOSES!!!
I, Eric Kirse, and kirsEdesign Software take no responsibility for the 
consequences that may come from using this program.  Consequences
include and are not limited to Software Failure, Hardware Failure, Arrest etc.

Window Tools is copyright © Eric Kirse, 2001 kirsEdesign Software.
kirsEdesign is wholly owned and operated by Eric Kirse.

Added Features to Window Tools Pro
Advanced Window
	- Generate code for programs.  Both VB and C++!!!
	- Search for windows with a certain class or text
hWnd Scan
	- Brute Force Scan a whole range of Window Handles
	- On my AMD K6-2 550, a scan of 10000 windows took a mere
	4.73 seconds!!!
More Functionality
	- The Hidden Windows section allows you to get the info again about
	a window you have hidden
Unmask Passwords
	- You can now unmask any passwords hidden by any type of character!
Bugs Fixed
	- Fixed errors when reporting parent data after program execution

Help
1. Using Window Tools
	a. Window Details
	The Window Details frame gives you all the information about a
	specific window.  This information is very useful if you would like
	to create a program to manipulate a specific windows (Aol Proggers).
	Click one of the blue circles next to a window detail to paste it to The
	Box.
	b. The Box
	The Box is the text-box right under your window details frame.  When
	you click one of the blue circles in the Window Details frame, it sends
	that detail (hWnd, class, etc.) to The Box so you can copy or view all
	of it.
	c. Set Window Text / Parent Text
	This feature enables you to change the text of a window by typing the
	new desired text in the box to the right of this button and clicking the 
	button.
	d. Click, Drag, then Release button
	This button is the main button of the program, so if you're stupid and
	"kill" it, close the program and open it up again.  Anyhow, click this
	button and keep holding the mouse.  Move your mouse to the desired
	window and let go.  The details of that window will then appear in the
	Window Details frame.
	e. Hide / Show Window - Hide / Show Parent
	In Window Tools, you can Hide and Show windows and their parents.
	Simply click the appropriate button.  Note that Window Tools will only
	manipulate the window specified in the Window Details Frame.  If you
	hide more than one window, simply open up the Hidden list (by clicking
	the checkbox) and double-click the window you want to show again.
	f. Kill Window / Parent
	This option enables you to kill (close) a window entirely.  Note that once
	you kill a window, you cannot get it back unless you restart the application.
	g. Keep On Top
	This allows you to keep Window Tools on top while you use it.  You will
	find this feature very useful.  Used in conjunction with Auto Mode, this
	is useful for getting details of Start Bar menus, AOL ComboBoxes etc.
	h. Auto Mode
	Auto Mode enables you to simply move you mouse over a window and get
	the details.  It does the same function as the Click, Drag, then Release button 
	except you only need to move your mouse.  Auto Mode is useful for finding
	windows, which you can then "lock in" with the Click, Drag, and Release
	button.
	i. Hidden List
	The hidden list is a list of all the windows you have hidden using Window
	Tools.  It enables you to restore multiple windows you have hidden and
	also kill hidden windows you cannot access.
	  THIS IS NOT A LIST OF ALL THE HIDDEN WINDOWS RUNNING!!
	j. Kill Prompt
	If you accidently press buttons, or just need a warning, this option will
	make sure to warn you before you kill (close) a window.
	k. Website / Help
	Takes you to my website, and provides you with a location to the help
	file (your here now).
2. New Features Help
	a. Advanced Options
		A. Generate Code
		Use this option to generate code for either Visual Basic or C++
		designed to Find the Window specified.
		B. Window Scanner
		Scan a range of window handles for windows that match you search
		criteria.  For example, I may want to find all the AOL textboxes
		with class name _AOL_Edit.  Simply type in the search string,
		_AOL_Edit, type up to how many window handles to scan, and press
		Begin Scan.  Its that easy!
	b. hWnd Scan
	Use this feature to scan all windows within a certain range of window handles.
	It can be useful to find hidden windows that may be running.  Double-Click any
	item in the list to show its properties in the main window
	c. Unmask Passwords
	This option will enable you to automatically umask any passwords with any
	password character.  Whenever WinTools finds a password box, it simply
	unmasks the passwords.  This option is only available in Auto Mode.
	d. Tips
		A. Normally double-clicking or clicking on any list will send the
		properties of that window to the main screen.
		B. Using Auto Mode in conjunction with Keep on Top enables you
		to get information about items in ComboBoxes, Menus etc.  Try it
		out, you'll be amazed.

Out
Well, thats all for now!  Since you have purchased Window Tools Professional, that
entitles you to help on demand.  Send an email out to admin@kipx.net and I will
reply as soon as possible (next day usually).
~Eric
http://www.kipx.net